Lore:
Crawler 
    An animal based race that relies on toxins to debilitate enemies.
    Individual Crawler' units aren't very strong, but when they are in large numbers, they can
    incapacitate even the largest enemy. Many of their units' attacks are poisonous which causes
    enemies to take damage over time or reduces they speed. Some poisons can even cause paralysis, 
    rendering the affected unit useless. Crawler are best suited for fights in well lit areas
    as the sunlight enhances their units' hit point regeneration and grants some units special abilities.


Warlock
    Demon based race that relies on inflicting curses to enemies and creating armies using black magic.
    Most of their power comes from collective rituals used for summoning powerful demons 
    from the underworld that fight for them. These demons are very hard to defeat, but last only 
    a limited amount of time. The worst time of day to pick a fight against the Warlock is night as
    it gives them increased hit points as well as mana regeneration, and some units acquire additional 
    abilities only usable during night time.


Guardian
    The second oldest race in the world, and the third oldest race still alive today.
    They are peaceful in nature, but can be very dangerous if it is necessary.
    Their connection to nature allows their units to become invisible in virtually any environment, 
    allowing them to sneak up on their enemies before initiating a devastating attack. Founding an Guardian 
    civilization surrounded by trees can be very wise, as trees give them additional level of protection 
    from enemy forces.
    
Guardian
    Some buildings have an aura that roots nearby buildings and provides them with extra armor and hp regen.
    Whilst rooting is active the source building has lower armor.
    

Igarwoid?

Advantages/disadvantages:
Crawler
    Advantages:
        Low unit cost
        Fast unit production
        Durable structures
        Passive regeneration
        High population cap
        High unit movement speed

    Disadvantages:
        Low unit durability
        Low burst damage potential
        Vulnerability to magic

Warlock
    Advantages:
        High magical damage
        High resistance to magic
        High unit hit points
    
    Disadvantages:
        Weak structures
        Slow unit production
        Many units are time limited
        Low physical damage

Guardian
    Advantages:
        High magical damage
        High resistance to physical damage 
        High defense potential
        Plenty of unit upgrades

    Disadvantages:
        Low unit mobility
        Vulnerability to magical damage
        High unit cost